Now let me explain the answers to the exercise.
Using the Jill and Roy's Accounting as a case study,
for a typical company,
you said that there are many layers in place,
starting with that network layer,
they have a Linksys switch.
Question is, has that been hardened?
Is it locked down to prevent who can access it and what they can do?
The next layer is the mobile technologies.
For example, they use iPhones,
but they also have a bring your own device or BYOD policy.
So you don't know what other type of mobile devices could
potentially be used for Jill and Roy's accounting services.
The next layer is the operating system,
in this case Windows 10,
which should be locked down to provide
optimum defenses against known vulnerabilities and threats.
The fourth layer is the application layer,
and Jill and Roy's uses the application of QuickBooks for their accounting systems.
This includes very sensitive tax and accounting data that needs to be protected.
The last layer is that data layer.
They're using very sensitive data,
so it should be encrypted within a database,
within any files, and even across the network.
Each of these are different layers of
protection that needs to be used not just for the Jill and Roy's case study,
but for all organizations.
The Center for Internet Security benchmarks that apply to
Jill and Roy's are Microsoft Office,
because that's what they're running for their email on Word and Excel.
The Microsoft Windows Desktop,
because they use Windows 10.
From the case study,
they have a print server,
that means they print things to some type of a device.
That should be locked down.
The last CIS benchmark would be for Google Chrome,
because it's mentioned in the case study that they use Chrome for web browsing.
The Debian Linux operating system and
Apache Tomcat web server application are not mentioned in the case study,
so you can ignore those benchmarks.
If you were a security consultant helping Jill and Roy's,
you can use these benchmarks as guides to secure or harden their infrastructure.